Feat: Add css modules, tokens and refactor `Search` components (#173)
vtex-sites/nextjs.store: src/components/search/Search.stories.mdx

    <SectionList grid="grid">
      <SectionItem
        title="SearchSuggestions"
        actionPath="../?path=/docs/features-search-searchsuggestions--default-story"
        description={
          <>
            Displays a set navigation links and self adapts on mobile{' '}
            <code>NavbarSlider</code> or desktop screens.
          </>
        }
        containerStyle={{ overflowY: "scroll", alignItems: "flex-start" }}
      >
        <SearchSuggestions term="Ste" products={products.slice(0, 3)} terms={searchTerms} />
      </SectionItem>
      <SectionItem
        title="SearchProductCard"
        actionPath="../?path=/docs/features-search-searchproductcard--search-product-card"
        description={
          <>
            Card to show details of the product and suggest in search dropdown.
          </>
        }
      >
        <SearchProductCard product={product} />
      </SectionItem>
      <SectionItem
        title="SearchTop"
        actionPath="../?path=/docs/features-search-searchtop--default-story"
        description={
          <>
            This section displays the most searched terms by customers.
          </>
        }
      >

>         <SearchTop />

Author: I add a prop containerStyle to SearchTop

      </SectionItem>
    </SectionList>
    <SectionList grid="grid">
      <SectionItem
        title="SearchHistory"
        actionPath="../?path=/docs/features-search-searchhistory--default-story"
        description={
          <>

>             Responsible to show all history of terms researched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Responsible to show the history of most recent terms researched by the user.
```

You can add your `<SearchInput />` whenever it's needed.

It's suggested to add it on `Navbar`.

```jsx
import SearchInput from 'src/components/search/SearchInput'
```

<Canvas>
  <Story
    name="Overview"
    parameters={{
      backgrounds: { default: 'dark' },
      msw
    }}
    args={{
      products
    }}
  >
  {Template.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<SearchSharedTokenTable />

---

## Components
<SessionProvider>
  <SearchInputProvider>
    <SectionList grid="grid">
      <SectionItem
        title="SearchSuggestions"
        actionPath="../?path=/docs/features-search-searchsuggestions--default-story"
        description={
          <>
            Displays a set of navigation links that self-adapts on mobile{' '}
            or desktop screens.
          </>
        }
        containerStyle={{ overflowY: "scroll", alignItems: "flex-start" }}
      >
        <SearchSuggestions term="Ste" products={products.slice(0, 3)} terms={searchTerms} style={{ width: "100%" }} />
      </SectionItem>
      <SectionItem
        title="SearchProductCard"
        actionPath="../?path=/docs/features-search-searchproductcard--search-product-card"
        description={
          <>

>             Card to show details of the product and suggest in <code>SearchDropdown</code>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            Card to show details of the product and suggestions in <code>SearchDropdown</code>.
```

          </>
        }
      >
        <SearchProductCard product={product} style={{ width: "100%" }} />
      </SectionItem>
      <SectionItem
        title="SearchTop"
        actionPath="../?path=/docs/features-search-searchtop--default-story"
        description={
          <>
            This section displays the most searched terms by customers.
          </>
        }
      >
        <SearchTop style={{ width: "100%" }} />
      </SectionItem>
    </SectionList>
    <SectionList grid="grid">
      <SectionItem
        title="SearchHistory"
        actionPath="../?path=/docs/features-search-searchhistory--default-story"
        description={
          <>

>             Responsible for showing the history of the most recent terms researched by the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            Responsible for showing the latest terms searched by the user.
```

<Meta
  title='Features/Search/Overview'
  parameters={{msw}}
/>

export const Template = (props) => (
  <div
    style={{
      maxWidth: '600px',
      height: '400px',
      margin: '0 auto',
      padding: '0 16px',
      background: 'white',
    }}
  >
    <SessionProvider>
      <SearchInput {...props} />
    </SessionProvider>
  </div>
)

<header>

# Search

This feature permits customers find theirs search easier.

</header>

## Overview

This Search feature is based in Autocomplete.
Autocomplete is described as the functionality that displays previous search results based on current and previous searches. These results are presented in four
different lists, which can be together or separated, depending on the customer's interaction. The existing sections are:

- Last searches performed;

- Search suggestion;

- Product suggestion;

- Most searched terms.

To know more visit [Autocomplete in VTEX Intelligent Search](https://help.vtex.com/tracks/vtex-intelligent-search--19wrbB7nEQcmwzDPl1l4Cb/4gXFsEWjF7QF7UtI2GAvhL).

---

## Usage

On your `Layout.txt` file:

```jsx
import { SearchInput } from 'src/components/search/SearchInput'
```

> Then, you can add your `<SearchInput />` whenever it's needed.

Reviewer 2: Me too hahaha. for this case, maybe we could just consider to import it on `Navbar` ?

import { msw, products } from'./searchMock.ts'
import SearchSharedTokenTable from'./SearchSharedTokenTable.mdx'

<Meta
  title='Features/Search/Overview'
  parameters={{msw}}
/>

export const Template = (props) => (
  <div
    style={{
      maxWidth: '600px',
      height: '400px',
      margin: '0 auto',
      padding: '0 16px',
      background: 'white',
    }}
  >
    <SessionProvider>
      <SearchInput {...props} />
    </SessionProvider>
  </div>
)

<header>

# Search

This feature permits customers find theirs search easier.

</header>

## Overview

This Search feature is based in Autocomplete.
Autocomplete is described as the functionality that displays previous search results based on current and previous searches. These results are presented in four
different lists, which can be together or separated, depending on the customer's interaction. The existing sections are:

- Last searches performed;

- Search suggestion;

- Product suggestion;

- Most searched terms.

To know more visit [Autocomplete in VTEX Intelligent Search](https://help.vtex.com/tracks/vtex-intelligent-search--19wrbB7nEQcmwzDPl1l4Cb/4gXFsEWjF7QF7UtI2GAvhL).

> 
> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion

---

## Usage
```

On your `Layout.txt` file:

```jsx
import { SearchInput } from 'src/components/search/SearchInput'
```

Then, you can add your `<SearchInput />` whenever it's needed.

It's suggested to add it on `Navbar`.

<Canvas>
  <Story
    name="Overview"
    parameters={{
      backgrounds: { default: 'dark' },
      msw
    }}
    args={{
      products
    }}
  >
  {Template.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

> 
> ---
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
